After get off work, look for it,
Dad, I am your heart son,
Ah, I am your beloved son, am I not?
Don't be stupid, I won't do it here anymore.
I told you a long time ago, don't give me hot things to do,
I will never show mercy after investing.
I miss a private lover like you,
I'm not short of you, not to mention you have to face the ground.
Even if I kill you a hundred times, it won’t be enough for you!
Come out, come out, come out,
Good things ahead, I am your heart son come out,
Please listen to me and pray for no luck. Listen to me and pray for destiny.
Please listen to me. I beg you to have a fate. Die, die, die, house, die.
That's how strong you are
Of course it's really cheap for you.
Break him now
I can still make you break up, don’t you?